I want to tell me filming my back to
school hair so here's to you guys
designer that my American viewers will
be going back to school soon or you are
in australian like me where are you
better to go see ya who's married a
Welsh me right now I think I'm swearing
because I'm just so over school I don't
like school search we lack is Henry Baba
but at least I could make these fun
videos so we got some kind of excited
there's no outside its cuz it's actually
kind of decent weather so to be after
you have good weather I can only got
excited and it wasn't windy when I said
after then of course mother hates me so
as soon as it's a cool I used in film a
video and let's make a windy so she's
gonna keep on touch me or hear her
videos gonna blow no II just emo that's
just a rumor third law nature hates me
anyway I mean can any of you guys enjoy
these hair cells and they're hopeful and
yada yada yada I don't see I'm starting
off by hiding my hair in the middle and
I kind of excited when I finally got my
head to stay in the middle cuz I didn't
know her so I wasn't very good at
kearney in the middle next we'll be
taking a haircut in the Korean in a
lower ponytails go about hotels which
hotel above me later the neck
then I just secured my bangs back to
using bobby pin I just leave a few
little flyaway hairs on my side of my
face just to frame it and this is the
final down i think is very coffee and
okay time to actually both i think it
looks very clean and it's very good to
have a very strict dress code connects
ourselves another penny tile but I think
it's more messy I'm drowning time very
hard so it's not enough i just to curl
my hair in a high ponytail only sad my
head
and now I don't know if you have an
epileptic fit I just bounced around to
loosen up your hair to make it have a
bit over an undone vibe then I just
brushed out my bangs and graded them and
then I just pin them back and I will
this only day i feel so I decided you
forgetting so just absolutely love this
hairstyle next steps our super duper
easy and it's very very big right now I
think so cute and so alien so easy they
started off I take my head should be off
of the side of my bangs I took a one to
two and strengthen her hair and just
spray tanner going bastards making sure
that were I think the fact i had no real
of involvement and then taking her back
i just use this little 296 lat we should
probably use a color that plugs into
your hair bit better and the reason
using it in tell bobby pins is because
it holds my hair look better be good i
have fairly heavy hair and this is just
like and my bangs on or decock out of me
seriously they always do my best others
hey have learned in my face open them
back which looks super cute as well
hello
six hits off hand out by to start off by
patting your hand the middle and I'm
still be doing a basic you celebrate
fishtail braid is something it
definitely comes with castles i'm still
learning how to do it and make a scar I
patterning it without a mirror first
which was a complete farewell and the
hostages it didn't pan out now can I
want to do it in the reflection of my
bedroom window those kind of the river
but there's a very good sir yeah I
pulled oh I apologize to that little
film on top but once you brighter that
you just get up with a little elastic
and then this little like I kind of like
them messy look oh I think it looks edgy
and please still it's still stuck sorry
about that so the next hair cells just a
messy cut most of us are taking my hair
at the top of my head that I just Carly
just back to like this to get a bit more
volume and then securing it into a messy
bun I don't know how to be messy but if
you prefer to have it neither you can
only thank you i need our ballet style
type fun and then I pin my bangs back of
course cuz you know I don't like to do
my face at all and then this is this way
it looked I think that we usually use
almost like an avenue for days I don't
know if I go with the gym right now back
in it next I'll action or just closed a
so I just can't dashed and humid of hair
on either side my face I'm looking back
on probably with I wish I needed wanted
a life book of this lovely to have you
back way valve is how I work to do today
but I'll just got served in the video I
came back but I like a one much better
if you had to use more like that but I
probably recommend it for anyone but
that is what the hairstyle looks nice
and yes so that is only half done
so that is my bashful hairstyle videos
done I really hope you guys enjoyed
hopefully this don't fail too much as I
said mother nature hates me so it's
kinda windy and the lighting maybe a
little bit dodgy because the sunlight is
not behaving but anyway all the same
guys enjoy thank you guys so much for
watching I love you bye